The current design does not account for the needed shift of each line to the right. When constructing the current design each line
shows up aligned to the left. To center align each line to apear as a pyrimid: after each line as been contructed when concatonating
to the return message, the code must also concatonate a series of preceeding spaces to ensure center alignment of each line.

-New Steps
1. calculate total length of bottom most row including spaces and numbers
2. create variable for beggining spaces
    a. (max bottom length / 2) - (current row length / 2)
    b. ensure output is an integer
    c. convert to string of spaces equal to algorimic output (see step a.)
3. concatonate row text to begining spaces (with new line after each row)





-System Design With New Steps

make_number_pyramid function
1. Create formal parameter for the number of rows from the caller of the function
2. Create a string variable that will be returned. Start as an empty string.
3. calculate total length of bottom most row including spaces and numbers
4. Create a loop from 0 to the number of rows (including the number of rows value)
     a. Create a string variable for the row of text
     b. create variable for beggining spaces
        i. (max bottom length / 2) - (current row length / 2)
        ii. ensure output is an integer
        iii. convert to string of spaces equal to algorimic output (see step a.)
     b. Create a loop from 0 to the current row number
          i. Create a conditional to concatenate a space to the text if it's not the first character of the row
          ii. Concatenate the row number to the string
     c. Add the row of text string to the message variable. Make sure to add a newline at the end AND begining spaces before
5. Return the string message


main function
1. Get input from the user for the number of rows to print
2. Call makeNumberPyramid using the value from the user and save the return
3. Print the return value


program start - Note: You do not need to include this in your future designs as this is implied.
1. Call main function